Fix typo in Watts integration documentation (#43405)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/watts.markdown

##### Description

> The Home Assistant integration polls new devices every 15 minutes, so it can takes up to 15 minutes to see the new devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Home Assistant integration {% term polling polls %} new devices every 15 minutes, so it can take up to 15 minutes to see the new devices.
```
we have a glossary entry for that :tada:
